LINKED LIST : In computer science, a linked list is a linear collection of data elements whose order is not given by their physical placement in memory. Instead, each element points to the next. It is a data structure consisting of a collection of nodes which together represent a sequence. In its most basic form, each node contains: data, and a reference (in other words, a link) to the next node in the sequence. This structure allows for efficient insertion or removal of elements from any position in the sequence during iteration. 
	More complex variants add additional links, allowing more efficient insertion or removal of nodes at arbitrary positions. A drawback of linked lists is that access time is linear (and difficult to pipeline). 
	Faster access, such as random access, is not feasible. Arrays have better cache locality compared to linked lists.

STACK : In computer science, a stack is an abstract data type that serves as a collection of elements, with two main principal operations:

    push, which adds an element to the collection, and
    pop, which removes the most recently added element that was not yet removed.

The order in which elements come off a stack gives rise to its alternative name, LIFO (last in, first out). Additionally, a peek operation may give access to the top without modifying the stack.[1] The name "stack" for this type of structure comes from the analogy to a set of physical items stacked on top of each other. This structure makes it easy to take an item off the top of the stack, while getting to an item deeper in the stack may require taking off multiple other items first.[2]

Considered as a linear data structure, or more abstractly a sequential collection, the push and pop operations occur only at one end of the structure, referred to as the top of the stack. This data structure makes it possible to implement a stack as a singly linked list and a pointer to the top element. A stack may be implemented to have a bounded capacity. If the stack is full and does not contain enough space to accept an entity to be pushed, the stack is then considered to be in an overflow state. The pop operation removes an item from the top of the stack. 

DEQUEUE : In computer science, a double-ended queue (abbreviated to deque, pronounced deck) is an abstract data type that generalizes a queue, for which elements can be added to or removed from either the front (head) or back (tail).
	It is also often called a head-tail linked list, though properly this refers to a specific data structure implementation of a deque 
